chlorine dosing should only occur after pump has run for 1 min to stabilize psi.  We currently have a no-dose last x minutes,
 let's add a no-dose first x minutes, and subtract that time from available dosing time when doing the dosing rate calculations.

 Currently only have a pump output psi sensor, but all valves usually remain in same position.  Should we run the pump
 at high speed for 5 minutes every morning as a "prime", and use the average pump output PSI (after 1 minute of stabilization)
 as the filter-blockage test?  I.E. we set a "clean filter" PSI (during pump hihg/booster off) and "dirty filter" PSI, and
 estimate filter blockage daily with current PSI with pump high/booster off?

 I think we manually schedule the "prime" period in scheduling - i will manually add a 5 to 10-minute pump high period in the morning
 The SW addition should be adding a filter metric that is calculated during pump high / booster off periods, and ignores the first minute to let the system stabilize.
 This metric will not always be available, so it should just latch the last reading (which should be based on some moving average of pressure)
 We should also remove the existing filter metrics that rely on filter output PSI and replace the existing filter metrics with this one.

 The current web server takes care of the whole UI, I see no need to ever use MQTT.  We can remove any MQTT development / integration from the repo.
 Runtime config also has a "stage" option that I don't know what it does - it is currently set to open_loop_timer, though we are doign much more.
 There is also a "closed-loop control" checkbox, and I don't know what this was or how it relates to the new estimator and its observe / recommend / automatic options.
 Safety config uses return and booster psi, but we currently only have pump output psi and may never add these.  But I do want to use safety for the freeze protection.
 We have moved to RS485 PH with no intent to ever use analog PH sensors again.  All support and references to PH voltage can be removed.

 I think the continuous safety layer should always be enabled since it is a safety layer, but we should make it simpler - just main pump prime checks / overpressure checks / dosing pump tank level and pump pressure safety / freeze guard

 The main UI is the web server, viewed in a smartphone.  We can remove the schematic diagram and switch to a more mobile-friendly layout that is visible on desktop as well.